‎While very few of us have taken part
‎in the translation of the Bible,
‎all of us can share it
‎with our neighbors
‎and help them to gain
‎accurate knowledge of Jehovah.
‎In the following dramatization,
‎note some of the theocratic activities
‎that this family enjoys
‎and what they had to do
‎to become so zealous.
‎OK, OK.
‎We already know
‎how this story is going to end.
‎No real surprises there.
‎So the real question is,
‎How did we get here?
‎For the record,
‎I never thought our ministry
‎really needed help.
‎My wife and daughter
‎were both regular pioneers.
‎My son was a solid publisher.
‎And while my schedule
‎didn’t let me pioneer yet,
‎I was trying to do
‎all I could to support them.
‎I always assumed
‎the best support I could provide
‎was just being out with them
‎as much as possible,
‎but I quickly realized more was needed.
‎Our Field Service Group Overseer
‎had been making a real effort
‎to work in the ministry with us
‎regularly the last few weeks,
‎and he kindly mentioned
‎he’d noticed a few challenges.
‎While our service time was great,
‎he pointed out that our return visits
‎were slowly dwindling.
‎And other than the studies
‎I had with the children,
‎no one in the family
‎was conducting a Bible study.
‎I asked him
‎what we could do to try
‎and improve
‎the quality of our ministry.
‎He showed me Romans 15:19,
‎highlighting Paul’s words:
‎“I have thoroughly preached
‎the good news about the Christ.”
‎He suggested
‎on our next Family Worship night
‎studying Paul’s ministry and seeing
‎what we could learn from his example.
‎As we looked at Paul’s ministry,
‎we realized
‎to be more productive
‎we needed boldness.
‎Ephesians 6:19 says:
‎“Pray also for me,
‎“that the words may be given to me
‎when I open my mouth,
‎“so that I may be able to speak boldly
‎in making known
‎the sacred secret of the good news.”
‎Rina also noticed how Paul
‎reasoned persuasively with people.
‎And Keiko liked how he found
‎common ground with those he talked to
‎—even referring to a pagan altar
‎to an unknown god
‎as a way to direct
‎the conversation to Jehovah.
‎Finally, Haruto noted how 2 Timothy said
‎Paul was
‎“a workman with nothing to be ashamed of,
‎handling the word of the truth aright.”
‎So he was skilled in using the Scriptures
‎with those he witnessed to.
‎See, I told you.
‎You already knew
‎how this was going to end.
‎I started auxiliary pioneering.
‎We now have a number of return visits
‎and a few progressive Bible studies.
‎But how did we get here?
‎We learned from the example of Paul
‎and how he
‎“thoroughly preached the good news.”